health then it should be thought of to show you
how do i liner then how do i do it
the eyeliner line even though they are
sincere it seems to me a video a little
wasted more than anything else because I don't have
no particular technique here
I have a secret as well a technique and I do
this video because many of you in
these years they asked me precisely about
to show how you liner and I know
that despite it is easy for me
many girls are very difficult to give
she liner because it is just a little
complicated because maybe a girl can
have the hand that trembles in short for
many reasons
and certainly one of the passages a little more
difficult though we say during the trick though
what I can tell you and that
definitely with time with exercise
also received you to perfect the
your technique therefore definitely the
first advice I give you is precisely
the one to practice then maybe
put them eyeliner every day
take at school or at work but
even when you are at home do some
try and maybe even make lines up
a sheet of lines precisely that
they simulate let's say the eyeliner line
because this definitely helps you
that hand I think I can
pretty well with liner for the fact
I therefore draw the drawings from many
years so we probably say that I have
the hand trained in quotation marks then
It can be to another council
I give you and not to pull my eye
I recommend it is very important therefore not
pull the eyelid to spend the line
of eyeliner because this favors the
appearance of early wrinkles as you know
control that an area
the skin is very delicate here
thin and also tends to dry out because
therefore there are no sebaceous glands
it is very important not to do this
movement because really in this
way to promote early wrinkles and
then another advice is also to
lard-rooms on a level, for example, I know
on a table when you need to
put lai liner
in this way you will be able to be more
stop and then you will have the firmest hand
and beyond this you can also support
the hand and this part here on the cheekbone
so on the bone here in this way
finally the last advice I give you is
that of passing the brush to the edges
of the container then in this way
so we remove the excess product e
so the brush is not very heavy
of product and so we do not risk
deposit a lot of eyeliner in fact a
when we go to put it on
eyelid
I think I won everything then I wanted
tell you that in the tutorial
I used this elena that of the pupa
it's called glossy eyeliner so a
liquid eyeliner with felt tip
and I preferred to use the liquid one
because in my opinion it is the most difficult one
to be applied as opposed to eyeliner
in cream or in cell
or even
the pencil therefore at least in my opinion
this is really that a little more
difficult to use
so nothing with this finished vi
I leave the tutorial
I hope that in some way it is useful
even if I repeat that I do n't know any
special technique and we see ourselves in
next one
then I usually start in the middle
then eyelid from the middle of the line
upper eyelashes
so I support myself here simply
I go to the outside of the eye and not
must come to be immediately perfect
in the sense that we have to take the
our time to do it the way we want
so ok so already present goes
well then I gradually move towards
centrally of the eye internal
small steps is the time you will have then
I go to the beginning of the eye
check of course also with the other
eye the way they are equal
obviously now I concentrate later
I can go to retouch if I see that there is
need now instead I concentrate on the
most external part of the line I prefer
first the line so and then we say do
a small triangle that we render
just a little thicker you see
then you can go to retouch
obviously with very light touches
because otherwise we ruin everything
obviously then just pass
above the line going slightly above
if you need to make it more straight
let's see how I'm doing
or even this also serves for
fill in any spaces maybe left
empty or at least less neriman obscure
so let's put some here
tip
ok and that's it done as you really see
simple we have our own line of
eyeliner of course if you want you can
speak thinner I like it a little
honestly, however , you do it more
thin does not change anything or
just don't go too far
very upturned